#Next JS folder structure detailed description

1. .next- This file generates when we build our application. After building Next JS application .next file keeps track of the folder/components
    by compiling source code and chunk data are also stored in this folder.

2. node-modules- this folder keeps library files of the dependency applied in the project

3. public- In bulding project we may need to keep static assests in our project like Image,Icon and others and those static assests are basically
   stored in this public directory

4. src/app- In src file we have app directory in which we will mainly work .under app directory there are many files like global.css,layout.JS
   page.js each of them have specefic uses in building project.

5. app/global.css- This global.css file contains css of the project which can be used globally to the whole project.

6. app/layout.js- layout.js file the provides the root structure of the project. It contains other pages inside its body as children.In master
   layout concept it holds the other pages. The RootLayout function is the main execution point of the application and beside here we can import
   external assests in our application by simply importing here .

7. app/page.js- page.js file act as the main/home view file of the next js application. In next js we don not need to create manually homepage
   for our application beacause next js by default provides it.

8. .gitignore - This file keeps track of git information and decides which file will be pushed or not in the repository.

9. next.config.js- This is a important/critical point of the next js application. If we want to change the default behaviour of the application then we
   can do it by program in this file.

10. package.json - This file keeps all dependency information which are applicable to the application.

11. tailwind.config.js- This file basically controlls or provides tailwind css service in overall application.we can use varoius tailwind plugin here
    to get tailwind css frameworks like daisyUI.

   